## Attendants ##
  * Sezgi Seret
  * Oğuz Çam
  * Morteza Bandidarian
  * Münevver Calayır

## Meeting Information ##
  * **Date:** 20.03.2015
  * **Time:** 20:00 - 21:00
  * **Place:** Eta Enterence

## Agenda (What is expected) ##

  1. Division of labour in the participants
  1. Next meeting's arrangement
  1. General problems in the project
  1. Class Diagram problems

## Meeting Outputs ##
### Tasks ###
| **Task** | **Assigned To** | **Due Time** |
|:---------|:----------------|:-------------|
| Class Diagram | Tuncay, Haluk, Hakan | 23.03.2015   |
| Meeting Notes on Wiki will be written | Sezgi           | 20.03.2015   |
| Sequence Diagram | Tuncay, Sezgi, Morteza | 23.03.2015   |
| Android interface design + showing user scenario | Haluk, Sezgi    | 23.03.2015   |
| Login, signup, create event and group methods | Münevver, Oğuz, Morteza | 23.03.2015   |
| Create event, group and other page designs | Münevver, Morteza | 23.03.2015   |

### Decisions ###
  * Next meeting will be done for sequence diagram & class diagram problems on 21th of March.
  * search.html, profileEdit.html, createEvent.html, createGroup.html will be done by Morteza till 23rd of March.
  * myGroup.html and myEvents.html will be done by Münevver till 23rd of March.