## Attendants ##
  * Tuncay Altınpulluk
  * Sezgi Seret
  * Hakan Keçelioğlu
  * Oğuz Çam
  * Morteza Bandidarian
  * Münevver Calayır
  * Haluk Seven

## Meeting Information ##
  * **Date:** 16.03.2015
  * **Time:** 20:00 - 21:00
  * **Place:** Eta Enterence

## Agenda (What is expected) ##

  1. Division of labour in the participants
  1. Next meeting's arrangement
  1. General problems in the project
  1. Class Diagram problems


## Meeting Outputs ##
### Tasks ###
| **Task** | **Assigned To** | **Due Time** |
|:---------|:----------------|:-------------|
| Class Diagram | Tuncay, Haluk, Hakan | 23.03.2015   |
| Meeting Notes on Wiki will be written | Münevver       | 16.03.2015   |
| Sequence Diagram | Tuncay, Sezgi, Morteza | 23.03.2015   |
| Android interface design + showing user scenario | Haluk, Sezgi    | 23.03.2015   |
| Login, signup, create event and group methods | Münevver, Oğuz, Morteza | 23.03.2015   |
| Create event, group and other page designs | Münevver, Morteza | 23.03.2015   |
| Login backend | Hakan           | 23.03.2015   |
| Logo design and Sharing with Haluk | Münevver       | 23.03.2015   |
| Opening issues of tasks | Munevver        | 17.03.2015   |


### Decisions ###
  * Meeting for class diagrams - Tuesday - Hakan, Haluk and Tuncay
  * Meeting for methods - Friday - Morteza, Münevver, Oğuz
  * Meeting for sequence diagram - Friday - Sezgi, Tuncay, Morteza
  * General Meeting - Friday - All Team