# About Me #

My name is Tuncay Altınpulluk. I graduated from Middle East Technical University, Industrial Engineering Dpt. in 2004. I worked as a research assistant in Istanbul Commerce University Industrial Engineering Dpt., between 2004 and 2006, meanwhile I started Economics Ms. Program in Bilgi University. Then, I started working in Isbank as a software specialist in 2007. I used mostly Cobol, some Java and C# as programming languages in developing backend side of multi channel banking applications. I transferred to Softtech in 2011 and continued same work (working for Isbank). I am still working in this job. Then I started the graduate program in Boğaziçi University Software Engineering Dpt. in 2013. I know the programming languages: Cobol, Java (Android), C#, Python, C++, Pascal, Visual Basic, Javascript. I want to do general architectural and detail design, UI design and programming, and some core backend classes and modules programming for the project. I am a generalist person. I like to do lots of things, like playing basketball, table tennis, billiards, playing the guitar (was playing in a band) and baglama. I like to play fantasy role playing (frp) games. I like to play video games (especially strategy games). I developed 2 amateur Android games available in Google play: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tuncay.onesecondmath https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tuncay.dragonvsplanes I like to read ebooks from my Kindle. Thank you and I wish to have a good project with my team :)

# Contact #